blog(embertimes121): EmberConf CFP (#322)
ember-learn/ember-blog: source/2019-10-25-the-ember-times-issue-121.md

---

## [EmberConf 2020 CFP Now Open! 🗣️](https://cfp.emberconf.com/events/emberconf-2020/)

> Next year’s [EmberConf](http://emberconf.com) which is going to be held in Portland, Oregon, USA between March 16 to 18, 2020 has opened its CFP (call for papers) for submission! 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Next year’s [EmberConf](https://emberconf.com), which is going to be held in Portland, Oregon, USA from March 16 to 18, 2020, has opened its CFP (call for papers) for submission! 
```

> You can submit either a 15 or 30 minute conference talk, a workshop, a 30 minute BonusConf talk, or a 5 minute MiniTalk proposal. Remember the first several rounds of reviews in the CFP is blind so please refrain from including biographical information in your talk abstract or details.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can submit either a 15 or 30 minute conference talk, a workshop, a 30 minute BonusConf talk, or a 5 minute MiniTalk proposal. Remember the first several rounds of reviews in the CFP are blind, so please refrain from including biographical information in your talk abstract or details.
```

> The deadline to submit your talk is on December 1st at 11:59pm PST. EmberConf is intended to be an inclusive, welcoming conference for everyone. The Code of Conduct can be found [at the EmberConf website](http://emberconf.com/about.html#code-of-conduct).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The deadline to submit your talk is December 1st at 11:59pm PST. EmberConf is intended to be an inclusive, welcoming conference for everyone. The Code of Conduct can be found [at the EmberConf website](https://emberconf.com/about.html#code-of-conduct).
```
